docs: add eip4844 info to the on-chain data page (#1247)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/on-chain-data.adoc

[id="introduction"]
== Introduction

> Starknet operates as a Validity Rollup, so when consolidating a set of Layer 2 changes on Layer 1, it updates the latest proven Layer 2 state by publishing the state diffs, that is, the differences between the previous L2 state and the new L2 state, on Ethereum.

Reviewer: @arielelp, How's this:

```suggestion
Starknet is a Validity Rollup, so after consolidating and proving a set of Layer 2 changes, it updates the latest proven L2 state by publishing the state diffs, that is, the differences between the previous L2 state and the new L2 state, on Ethereum.
```

> Starknet is a Validity Rollup, which means that after consolidating and proving a set of Layer 2 changes, it updates, on L1, the latest proven L2 state. Alongside the proof, it publishes the state diff on Ethereum. The state diff is the difference between the previous and new states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starknet is a Validity Rollup, which means that after consolidating and proving a set of Layer 2 changes, it updates, on L1, the latest proven L2 state. Alongside the proof, it publishes the state diff on L1. The state diff is the difference between the previous and new states.
```
